README.md, before:

## Installation & Usage
Just run `npm install` to install dependencies. Run `npm run build && npm run start` on the first run to build & run the application. On subsequent occurrences you can just do `npm run start`.

You can then visit the Big Mac app by navigating to `http://localhost:5000/`.

## Calculations
I wasn't sure that I understood what the units in the provided price calculations represented since they didn't exactly match headers in the Big Mac csv data, and I don't have a good intuition for the prices of hamburgers in other countries. I went with the approach I did because the conversions approximately checked out when I compared them to the results I got at the [this website](https://fxtop.com/en/historical-currency-converter.php), and because the method was the same as what I was taught for converting units back in physics class. The results seem reasonable even if they're not always exactly what I would expect.

##  Design decisions: frontend
I opted against using redux or any other state management framework for this project since it's not too complicated, and although redux is pretty small it would still add some weight and boilerplate that we don't need. I used a class-based component for the root-level since I needed to make a call for location data on page load, and the `componentDidMount` method provided a good way to do that.

## Design decisions: backend
I used Express for the backend of this application since it's fairly standard, easy to read and reason about, and good for quick prototyping. 

I used Axios for calls to 3rd party services (github and ipvigilante) because I'd heard good things about the library and I wanted to learn something new in this project, and I really didn't want to use the native `http` package if I didn't have a compelling reason. It turned out to be a good server-side alternative to the Fetch API. I would definitely use it again. All calls to third party services are proxied through the backend.

As mentioned above the call for location data happens on `componentDidMount`, but the call for the Big Mac data occurs when the Express app starts listening. This makes it very likely that the request and any necessary processing will have occurred before the user enters a value and submits. The Big Mac data is cleaned - I only use the most recent values, and unnecessary fields are removed - and stored in memory so that additional calls are unnecessary.

## Code organization
I have separated the code into `/server` and `/client` directories for those respective applications. I haven't added any subdirectories to those yet - this is just below the threshold at which I would start to consider that helpful and necessary, and I try my best to apply the YAGNI principle and only add things when they reach that point.

## Tooling and other concerns
I set up webpack and babel from scratch for this project, mostly because I wanted to get more familiar with that process. That was a good experience, but if I had to do it frequently I would probably create a template because it is rather tedious and time-consuming.

I used jest and enzyme for testing since they're an industry standard for React applications and it seemed good to not reflexively reach for Mocha.

## What I would do if I had more time
This is somewhat unpolished since I have limited time to spend on projects of this nature. If I were to spend more time on this a couple things that I'd focus on are:

* Additional testing, particularly of UI interactions.
* Design and UX, particularly for mobile - this isn't my strong suit but I think I could get it looking pretty nice with another day.
* Setting up a development server for the backend to test the IP stuff that way - I'm pretty sure I didn't get this working quite the way I wanted to since I was making calls from localhost to localhost.

Commit message:

note about WSL/VS Code

README.md, after:

## Installation & Usage
Just run `npm install` to install dependencies. Run `npm run build && npm run start` on the first run to build & run the application. On subsequent occurrences you can just do `npm run start`.

You can then visit the Big Mac app by navigating to `http://localhost:5000/ `.

*Note regarding VS Code and WSL*

I developed this using VS Code on WSL. I occasionally had `EACCES` issues when installing npm packages - I think this is an issue with this specific combination of tools, but if you encounter it I was able to solve the problem by terminating VS Code. I promise I'm not installing anything weird - you can look at the `package.json`.

## Calculations
I wasn't sure that I understood what the units in the provided price calculations represented since they didn't exactly match headers in the Big Mac csv data, and I don't have a good intuition for the prices of hamburgers in other countries. I went with the approach I did because the conversions approximately checked out when I compared them to the results I got at the [this website](https://fxtop.com/en/historical-currency-converter.php), and because the method was the same as what I was taught for converting units back in physics class. The results seem reasonable even if they're not always exactly what I would expect.

##  Design decisions: frontend
I opted against using redux or any other state management framework for this project since it's not too complicated, and although redux is pretty small it would still add some weight and boilerplate that we don't need. I used a class-based component for the root-level since I needed to make a call for location data on page load, and the `componentDidMount` method provided a good way to do that.

## Design decisions: backend
I used Express for the backend of this application since it's fairly standard, easy to read and reason about, and good for quick prototyping. 

I used Axios for calls to 3rd party services (github and ipvigilante) because I'd heard good things about the library and I wanted to learn something new in this project, and I really didn't want to use the native `http` package if I didn't have a compelling reason. It turned out to be a good server-side alternative to the Fetch API. I would definitely use it again. All calls to third party services are proxied through the backend.

As mentioned above the call for location data happens on `componentDidMount`, but the call for the Big Mac data occurs when the Express app starts listening. This makes it very likely that the request and any necessary processing will have occurred before the user enters a value and submits. The Big Mac data is cleaned - I only use the most recent values, and unnecessary fields are removed - and stored in memory so that additional calls are unnecessary.

## Code organization
I have separated the code into `/server` and `/client` directories for those respective applications. I haven't added any subdirectories to those yet - this is just below the threshold at which I would start to consider that helpful and necessary, and I try my best to apply the YAGNI principle and only add things when they reach that point.

## Tooling and other concerns
I set up webpack and babel from scratch for this project, mostly because I wanted to get more familiar with that process. That was a good experience, but if I had to do it frequently I would probably create a template because it is rather tedious and time-consuming.

I used jest and enzyme for testing since they're an industry standard for React applications and it seemed good to not reflexively reach for Mocha.

## What I would do if I had more time
This is somewhat unpolished since I have limited time to spend on projects of this nature. If I were to spend more time on this a couple things that I'd focus on are:

* Additional testing, particularly of UI interactions.
* Design and UX, particularly for mobile - this isn't my strong suit but I think I could get it looking pretty nice with another day.
* Setting up a development server for the backend to test the IP stuff that way - I'm pretty sure I didn't get this working quite the way I wanted to since I was making calls from localhost to localhost.
